Convert the old rST docs into the new md ones. (#287)
pulp/pulp_npm: docs/index.md

# About NPM Packages

The `npm` plugin extends [pulpcore](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pulpcore/) to support

> hosting npm packages. This plugin is a part of the [Pulp Project](http://www.pulpproject.org),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hosting npm packages. This plugin is a part of the [Pulp Project](https://pulpproject.org),
```

and assumes some familiarity with the [pulpcore documentation](https://pulpproject.org/user/).

> If you are just getting started, we recommend getting to know the :doc:`basic
> workflows<workflows/index>`.

Reviewer: I guess this will not work anymore because we are removing the workflows/index.rst page, right?
```suggestion
If you are just getting started, we recommend getting to know the [basic workflows](site:pulp_npm/docs/user/guides/sync.md).
```

Author: Yes, and we can add that new section in the future. Thanks for point it our @git-hyagi
